Add alternative to OS image (#498)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: docs/getting-started.md

   - If you want to use VM, install [Minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/), version 0.30.0 or greater. Also install a [driver](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/blob/master/docs/drivers.md). For Linux, we recommend `kvm2`. For MacOS, we recommend `VirtualBox`.
   - If you want to use a container, install [Kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage).
   - If you want to use an existing Kubernetes cluster, prepare a kubeconfig which for this cluster.

> 1. The CAPO provider requires an OS image (available in OpenStack), you have several ways to get so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The CAPO provider requires an OS image (available in OpenStack), you have several ways to provide one:
```

> a. Build like the ones in [image-builder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder/tree/master/images/capi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a. Build the image via [image-builder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder/tree/master/images/capi)
```

> b. Or as a test env, you can deploy a VM through openstack interface and log on to the VM and refer to [install kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) to download kubeadm but NOT install it, then capture the image in your openstack cloud and use it as OS image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b. Or as a test env, you can deploy a VM through OpenStack, log on to the VM and refer to [install kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) to download kubeadm. But *don't* execute kubeadm, then capture the image in your OpenStack cloud and use it as OS image.
```

Reviewer 2: I was wondering what all is required in Openstack image. I saw in [readme](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack#operating-system-images) that it requires other things too.

> b. Or as a test env, you can deploy a VM through OpenStack, log on to the VM and follow the steps in [install kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm/) to install container runtime and download kubectl, kubelet and kubeadm but *don't* execute kubeadm, then capture the image in OpenStack cloud and use it as OS image.

Reviewer 2: @jichenjc Looks good. Just a minor suggestion, it might be better to indent it the same way as the rest of the document to maintain the consistency

Reviewer 2: @jichenjc Any updates here? I am okay without the suggestions also.

Author: ok, I will update this
